---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Week 9 Post (7/15 - 7/21)
---

This week has been one of my most productive weeks during the internship. I dedicated a significant amount of time to refining my code for one of the autograders based on the continuous feedback I received during code reviews. As we are now in the penultimate week of our internship, our team is focused on wrapping up all the autograders we have been working on.

In addition to my coding tasks, I have been making steady progress on my research paper. This week, I added a "Methods" section to the paper. I feel more confident in my writing abilities and believe I am gradually overcoming my fear of writing. The constructive feedback and guidance from the professors have been immensely helpful, providing me with clear directions on how to improve my sections and overall writing.

This week, we had a team lunch with all our professors. We went to a Korean restaurant off-campus following our weekly check-in. It was a great opportunity for team bonding, and I thoroughly enjoyed the time spent with my colleagues and mentors. However, it also made me realize that the end of my internship is approaching. I will miss my team and the professors, who have been incredibly friendly and supportive throughout this journey.

Next week, on our last day of the internship, we have another team dinner planned. I am looking forward to it, as it will be a wonderful opportunity to celebrate our accomplishments and cherish the memories we have created together during this internship.
