---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## Week 7 Post (7/08 - 7/14)
---

This week was better in terms of work progress for me. I was finally able to complete my autograders as per the requirements and submitted my work for code review. However, I received a lot of comments to add additional testers after faculty code review. I spent rest of the week working on the comments, and hope to complete them by next week. I also reviewed my colleagues' code for their autograders and provided feedback.

We individually started writing research papers based on the research questions we wish to include in the final paper of what we are currently working on. I also received some feedback on it and need to improve my paper. As a person who is not very good at writing papers or essays, I personally find it difficult to write research papers. It is the most daunting aspect of the research for me but I hope to overcome this since writing research papers is an important aspect of any research.

We also went to lunch with a grad student who is researching with one of our professors this week. He is currently a PhD student and it was interesting to know about his experiences of research. He also provided us with lots of information about education research in general. I found the conversation to be informative in case I decide to pursue research in the future.

Overall my week was pretty fun and productive. I hope to wrap up my current autograders by Tuesday next week. I also have to work on my research paper which I'm hoping is better than the paper I presented last week.
