---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Week 2 Post (5/27 - 6/02)
---

In the second week of my DREU Research Program, Monday was a holiday due to Memorial Day. I spent the first few days of the week fixing bugs in the autograder assigned to us during week one. My team and I faced challenges figuring out how to debug the autograders since Coursera's interface does not allow us to print statements directly to the console for debugging purposes. Once we were able to figure it out, each of us moved on to developing autograders individually.

I spent the rest of the week attending meetings and completing assignments for the UR2PhD research course. This week, we focused on drafting a research proposal for our team. As it was my first time writing a research proposal, I felt nervous but I am confident that I will improve through feedback. Additionally, I dedicated time to working on my individual autograder, gaining a deeper understanding of the lab it was meant for and anticipating the types of buggy solutions students might submit while writing the code.

Finally, I read 2 research papers this week that focused on open-ended programming and machine learning autograders:
  * _"A Fast and Accurate Machine Learning Autograder for the Breakout Assignment" by Evan Zheran Liu, David Yuan, Ahmed Ahmed, Elyse Cornwall, Juliette Woodrow, Kaylee Burns, Allen Nie, Emma Brunskill, Chris Piech, Chelsea Finn_

    The paper talks about the development and deployment of of an AI based autograding tool for breakout assignments called Dreamgrader in a CS1 course. The tool helps to significantly reduce the grading labor required for such interactive and time-consuming assignments. Dreamgrader employs a reinforcement learning agent to play and evaluate each student's game, providing instructors with videos of detected bugs and suggested grades.

  * _"Novices' Learning Barriers When Using Code Examples in Open-Ended Programming" by Wengran Wang, Archit Kwatra, James Skripchuk, Neeloy Gomes, Alexandra Milliken, Chris Martens, Tiffany Barnes, Thomas Price._

    Discusses how open-ended assignments can be challenging for students as they might not have the required knowledge for the additional features, or might not know how to integrate knowledge from their classes into projects. They use a tool called “Exam Helper” to provide examples to students to learn how it helps students working on these projects.

Overall, the first week involved getting comfortable with my responsibilities as part of a team, getting started with developing autograders and reading research papers.
