
---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## Week 7 Post (7/01 - 7/07)
---

This week was comparitively shorter due to the long weekend. I started my weekend by debugging my autograder that I have been working on. I spent the entire Monday trying to debug it but couldn't find a solution. I also arranged some meetings with other research interns to see if they could find something wrong in my code. We were finally able to fix it on Wednesday during our weekly team meeting. I am really happy to be finally making progress on my personal tasks since this particular autograder took me 4 weeks to finish.

During our recent team meeting, we discussed potential research questions to explore. Unfortunately, all the questions I proposed were turned down because we don't have the necessary data for them right now. This experience made me realize how crucial it is to align our research questions with the data we have access to. Looking ahead, my task for the upcoming week is to come up with new research questions that are both interesting and feasible with our current data. I'll be diving into our existing datasets to find areas where we can make a meaningful contribution. It's clear that having data to back up our questions is essential for moving forward.

I also spent some time reviewing my resume with one of the professors. With the Grace Hopper Conference coming up, she wanted to work on my resume so that I could put my resume in their online database. I will also be spending some time next week making the changes so that my resume is up to date based on the feedback I received. We were also introduced to one of the grad students that works with the professors in our research team. We spent some time getting to know him and will be going on a lunch with him next week.
